docs/cli.md, before:

## CLI

All commands follow the pattern `ember cordova:{command}`. You can use the `cdv` alias
insted of`cordova`, for example `ember cdv:{command}`.

You can pass a command to cordova without
ember-cordova interference with ember cdv build, vs. ember cdv:build.

### Available Commands
* ember cdv:open
* ember cdv:build
* ember cdv:link (DEPRECATED)
* ember cdv:plaform
* ember cdv:plugin
* ember cdv:prepare
* ember cdv:serve
* ember cordova

### Open

#### Description

Open the native platform project with the default or specified application

#### Available options
+ platform (default:ios)
+ application (default:system default application)

#### Examples
+ `ember cordova:open`
+ `ember cordova:open --platform=android --application=eclipse`


### Build

#### Description

Build the ember and cordova project together running in the simulator or on a device

#### Available options
+ environment (default:development)
+ platform (default:ios)
+ release (default: debug)
+ cordova-output-path (default: ember-cordova/cordova/www)

#### Examples
+ `ember cordova:build`
+ `ember cordova:build --environment=production --platform=ios`
+ `ember cordova:build --environment=production --platform=ios --release`

### Link

DEPRECATED

### Platform

#### Description
Add or remove cordova platforms. Use the save flag to persist new
platforms to config.xml (default is true).

###Aliases
+ add/a
+ remove/rm/r

#### Available options
+ save (default:true)

#### Examples
+ `ember cdv:platform add ios`
+ `ember cdv:platform remove ios`

### Plugin

#### Description
Add or remove cordova plugins. Use the save flag to persist new
platforms to config.xml (default is true).

###Aliases
+ add/a
+ remove/rm/r

#### Available options
+ save (default:true)

#### Examples
+ `ember cdv:plugin add cordova-plugin-name`
+ `ember cdv:plugin rm cordova-plugin-name`

### Prepare

#### Description
Runs cordova prepare, but also fires beforePrepare/afterPrepare hooks.

If plugins or platforms have been installed to a project with ember
cdv:plugin/platform add foo, running ember cdv:prepare installs these
packages on a fresh clone.

Think of the usage similar to package.json /w npm install.

#### Examples
+ `ember cordova:prepare`

### Serve

#### Description

Runs the Ember Server for live reload. To learn more, [read
here](livereload.md).

#### Available options
+ platform (default:ios)
+ reloadUrl (default:localhost:4200)
+ cordova-output-path (default: ember-cordova/cordova/www)

#### Examples
+ `ember cdv:serve`
+ `ember cordova:serve --platform=android --reloadUrl=192.168.1.1`
+ `ember cdv:serve --platform=browser --env "development"`

## Cordova

#### Description

Passes commands straight to cordova, without interference.

Because this proxies to cordova-cli, you will need cordova-cli installed
(this is not required for usage anywhere else).

If you do not already have it installed, you can install it with:

```
  npm install -g cordova
```

Our hope is you won't need this command very much. If you are, open
an issue and tell us.

#### Examples
+ `ember cordova info`

####Troubleshooting
When running a proxy command, file paths are relative to
your cordova directory.

So for example, if you for reasons unkwown run `ember cdv plugin add ../local-plugin-path`
(hint: just use `ember cdv:plugin add ../local-plugin-path`), from your
ember projects root, it will probably fail. You most likely need `ember
cordova plugin add ../../../local-plugin-path`.

##Configuration / Defaults

If you find yourself needing to override CLI defaults, you can set
new defaults in your .ember-cli file.

e.g. If you are only ever building for one (android), or want to
set a permanent default reload-url.

in .ember-cl:
```
platform: 'android',
reloadUrl: 'http://mycomputer:4200'
```

Commit message:

docs(verbose-logging): add cli docs re enabling verbose logging

docs/cli.md, after:

## CLI

All commands follow the pattern `ember cordova:{command}`. You can use the `cdv` alias
insted of`cordova`, for example `ember cdv:{command}`.

You can pass a command to cordova without
ember-cordova interference with ember cdv build, vs. ember cdv:build.

Enable verbose logging by prefixing your command with `DEBUG=$scope`, where
`$scope` is one of:

- `cordova`, to include log output from cordova-lib (e.g. cdv build phase);
- `ember-cli`, to include log output from e-cli (e.g. ember build phase); or
- `*`, to include cdv + e-cli log output, plus all other available
  [heimdalljs-logger](https://github.com/heimdalljs/heimdalljs-logger) trees

### Available Commands
* ember cdv:open
* ember cdv:build
* ember cdv:link (DEPRECATED)
* ember cdv:plaform
* ember cdv:plugin
* ember cdv:prepare
* ember cdv:serve
* ember cordova

### Open

#### Description

Open the native platform project with the default or specified application

#### Available options
+ platform (default:ios)
+ application (default:system default application)

#### Examples
+ `ember cordova:open`
+ `ember cordova:open --platform=android --application=eclipse`


### Build

#### Description

Build the ember and cordova project together running in the simulator or on a device

#### Available options
+ environment (default:development)
+ platform (default:ios)
+ release (default: debug)
+ cordova-output-path (default: ember-cordova/cordova/www)

#### Examples
+ `ember cordova:build`
+ `ember cordova:build --environment=production --platform=ios`
+ `ember cordova:build --environment=production --platform=ios --release`

### Link

DEPRECATED

### Platform

#### Description
Add or remove cordova platforms. Use the save flag to persist new
platforms to config.xml (default is true).

###Aliases
+ add/a
+ remove/rm/r

#### Available options
+ save (default:true)

#### Examples
+ `ember cdv:platform add ios`
+ `ember cdv:platform remove ios`

### Plugin

#### Description
Add or remove cordova plugins. Use the save flag to persist new
platforms to config.xml (default is true).

###Aliases
+ add/a
+ remove/rm/r

#### Available options
+ save (default:true)

#### Examples
+ `ember cdv:plugin add cordova-plugin-name`
+ `ember cdv:plugin rm cordova-plugin-name`

### Prepare

#### Description
Runs cordova prepare, but also fires beforePrepare/afterPrepare hooks.

If plugins or platforms have been installed to a project with ember
cdv:plugin/platform add foo, running ember cdv:prepare installs these
packages on a fresh clone.

Think of the usage similar to package.json /w npm install.

#### Examples
+ `ember cordova:prepare`

### Serve

#### Description

Runs the Ember Server for live reload. To learn more, [read
here](livereload.md).

#### Available options
+ platform (default:ios)
+ reloadUrl (default:localhost:4200)
+ cordova-output-path (default: ember-cordova/cordova/www)

#### Examples
+ `ember cdv:serve`
+ `ember cordova:serve --platform=android --reloadUrl=192.168.1.1`
+ `ember cdv:serve --platform=browser --env "development"`

## Cordova

#### Description

Passes commands straight to cordova, without interference.

Because this proxies to cordova-cli, you will need cordova-cli installed
(this is not required for usage anywhere else).

If you do not already have it installed, you can install it with:

```
  npm install -g cordova
```

Our hope is you won't need this command very much. If you are, open
an issue and tell us.

#### Examples
+ `ember cordova info`

####Troubleshooting
When running a proxy command, file paths are relative to
your cordova directory.

So for example, if you for reasons unkwown run `ember cdv plugin add ../local-plugin-path`
(hint: just use `ember cdv:plugin add ../local-plugin-path`), from your
ember projects root, it will probably fail. You most likely need `ember
cordova plugin add ../../../local-plugin-path`.

##Configuration / Defaults

If you find yourself needing to override CLI defaults, you can set
new defaults in your .ember-cli file.

e.g. If you are only ever building for one (android), or want to
set a permanent default reload-url.

in .ember-cl:
```
platform: 'android',
reloadUrl: 'http://mycomputer:4200'
```
